hello play the games will be to him
welcome back play the game central and
today I'm going to talk about something
with Jay Rizzo made on Twitter and I saw
a picture of this and it's just him
explaining some things about how the
community ask for things in zombies and
then they are tragically and
unfortunately just left in the fucking
dirt in flames when their expectation
and their desire was made and it was
nothing to what they wanted and it made
the map or the game in general absolute
shit so some examples which were made
were boss zombie a lot of people I
remember during early black ops 2 time
wanted back was one time sorry wanted
some kind of boss zombie to fight with
and then we got George Romero and we all
know that George Romero was one of the
worst things to happen to zombies what
made you guys might have your own
opinions on it but the general consensus
and my own thought is that George Mayor
was absolutely terrible however we did
get in black ops 2 we got the warden and
we also got the soul that which i
believe were steps in the right
direction the soul that is enough of a
boss zombie that it's really difficult
and you will be like Oh fucking shit but
it's not too difficult like George
Romero where you have to deal with him
the entire game and it's really fucking
bad I mean late game the soul that's are
pretty useless it's just when the first
one spawns that that can really decide
the turn at the Battle of the entire
game so the soul that was definitely
closest to the perfect kind of boss
zombie which we which all you think was
the you know the place where boss zombie
should stay around the solder area the
next one which was mentioned was bigger
maps and then we got Trans Am which
sucked balls and everyone fucking hate
sex transient
and the reason mainly behind that was
because it was just like five areas just
separated by a mass amount of fog and
the fog was absolute stupid if they got
rid of that and they kind of had
something in between without denizens
all that kind of stuff it would be a
better map but I guess because if it's a
bigger map then they have a harder time
making it closed spaces and I mean the
closed space is tight corridors kind of
thing is what works with zombies because
you can turn around the corner and then
see a big cluster fuck off of them just
charging at your face whereas in a big
wide over mount like all the dead or
transit you see them come from a mile
away you can easily avoid them and it
was just it's just not a great idea for
a like a big map however mob of the dead
did stretch the limits of what was
capable of a DLC of the engine and of
maps they could create in zombies for a
DLC and mob of the dead was very good
because it was tight corridors and it
was yes very big and so that played very
well so that's something which they need
to stick with is something like mobile
the dead in terms of map design the next
thing which was mentioned were more
down-to-earth kind of residential style
maps and I am one of the people which
did say something left for dead star
like schools and stuff would be a nice
place for zombies to have a map in but
it seems that transient Diaries and
buried seem to be quite generic kind of
places and so they weren't really too
interesting buried being the most
interesting of all three of those but
regular everyday places no in terms of
you know I mean the best maps were
things like varrock which was asylum
which did 115 research and zombie
research in World War two Therese the
same kind of thing but it was fucking
mental what they were doing on there and
the moon for Christ's sake so you know
epic places like I mean there's no
secret that we're going to be getting
our Garza in some way shape or form in a
map in the next installment of zombies
and you know Agatha is a very mythical
place very important place and hopeful
that is going to lend itself very well
to the gameplay and so you know just
important places Alcatraz Island
definitive place not just some random
tower in Shanghai or whatever the fuck
dire eyes was would be nice so you know
that's another thing and then there's
the last thing which was Easter Egg
quests and to this day I can't think
particularly of a good easter request I
mean these requests are they tend to be
kind of a chore in all honesty the
origins easter egg was awful because it
was just so long and so difficult and
it's just not easy enough whereas other
easter egg quests are too easy or
they're too hard or you know they just
haven't found the right balance yet and
we're going to get them regardless of
what we say or do but they are
definitely trying to work out the kinks
in their easter egg quest because they
make them too difficult and make them
too easy or they make accidental
glitches which make the entire straight
just completely fuck up and all
different kinds stuff like that so we
just have to wait and give them time on
that and just see what they come up with
and then give them feedback after that
because i don't really see there being a
applicable suggestion for easter request
to make them better so you know those
are all the things which i wanted to
talk about um so yes just the main thing
is islam treyarch do listen to the
community but they kind of do a little
bit too much and so much so that it kind
of goes against what they would come up
with themselves because the community
gets their hopes and expectations up and
then they're smashed to pieces because
it's not exactly what they wanted or the
engine is incapable of handling it in
some way shape or form so that says
thank you of watching hope that I've
enjoyed this video and if you did
remember leave a like rating be so kind
as to do so and subscribe if not
subscribed already and I will see you
next time thanks for watching and
goodbye